pumpkin figure I am di fighine
of the laboratory network and this is the
deer head we already had a lot
time without being here but finally
we have returned because it has requested
people who still see oratory network
then in today's blog we're going
to talk to them about something very important that
is global globalization and how
affects everyone
better what we're going to do here I'm going to
teach
and it returns again equal to saying the
you strike again I swear to God that
make other horns the diamonds and the
rest of your body donated to the
charity to make a bag of deer
deer head
so handsome bet song
look at that pretty girl and ask in
what you want to take for everything
put on and what the delivery with
little clothes and it is that I give you what is
but nobody invents me you have in the
head in addition to creativity
this year I love you at the rhythm of
music
we are here in what is the party the
I do not dance, it's because my company walks
Queen
we are going to play more here I'm going to
chick nicoletti
preterite present as past tense
rhymes are the power of god is used the
always simple spirit without haughtiness
Come on , baby, here is your food
take a beer that goes up to the
head that erases what stress you in
against just one piece moves melo with
dexterity as an attack of epilepsy
no no no
Y
and it's that I want to party but nobody
goal you never have in your head
and what they buy and a chicken in the bathroom
there is no roll
we are attic the owner
tonight
we are here in what is the party the
I do not dance, it's because despite my
We are going to notice more here
I will chulear live
when he sees you when he sees you if he's going
to be because today the extra and I already know how
that I saw to know how we do it after
of listening to that song so
absolutely necessary we have something
nice to tell you what it is if they want
see this idiot and ami blogging together
once again this video
have
on twitter
so if you want us to continue
blocking and doing talking about
things that nobody really cares about
share this video in like and
next week we'll see you right here with
a new blog and the imbecile this
head sideways if you do not have a chicken there
really if you do not have a fast
why not pretend that you have a chicken
but they do not
here the eye hears
once a today begins that it was going to leave
a party but but I never go out
because they said he had just put
all the shoes you never saw
a long time ago of our here and
again then we are not going to look
again again
so that we make videos together eyes is
that those eyes today today today today tell me
tell me what it feels like to see me again
write me in the comments
today is to guess or orange feels
very nice there are of love so things for
that are presumed to my friends that you
they still want me and so and so
and also because I have that call in
my milk
apart eye